feat: add ignoreDuplicateResources to suppress RepeatedResourceWarning (#28026) (#28531)
argoproj/argo-cd: docs/user-guide/multiple_sources.md

produce the resource will take precedence. Argo CD will produce a `RepeatedResourceWarning` in this case, but it will 
sync the resources. This provides a convenient way to override a resource from a chart with a resource from a Git repo.

If the duplication is known and intentional (for example, CRDs from Helm subchart dependencies), you can suppress the 
`RepeatedResourceWarning` for specific resources using `ignoreDuplicateResources`:

```yaml
spec:
  ignoreDuplicateResources:
    - group: apiextensions.k8s.io
      kind: CustomResourceDefinition
      name: dnsendpoints.externaldns.k8s.io
```

> Empty fields in the selector act as wildcards (e.g., specifying only `kind` will match all resources of that kind).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each entry requires `kind`. The `group`, `name`, and `namespace` fields are optional and act as wildcards when omitted.
For example, to suppress warnings for **all** duplicate CRDs regardless of name:

```yaml
spec:
  ignoreDuplicateResources:
    - group: apiextensions.k8s.io
      kind: CustomResourceDefinition
```
```
> [!WARNING]
> Omitting `name` and `namespace` matches **all** resources of the given kind and group across the entire application.
> Be as specific as possible to avoid accidentally suppressing warnings for unintentional duplicates.

```
